how-to: update ansible deployment doc (#1703)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/deploy/orchestrated/ansible.md

    sudo pip install -r ./requirements.txt
    ```

>     Ansible and the version information dependencies are in the `tidb-ansible/requirements.txt` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The version information of Ansible and dependencies is in the `tidb-ansible/requirements.txt` file.
```

Log in to the target machines using the `root` user account.

> Format your data disks to the ext4 filesystem and add the `nodelalloc` and `noatime` mount options to the filesystem. It is required to add the `nodelalloc` option, or else the Ansible deployment cannot pass the test. The `noatime` option is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Format your data disks to the ext4 filesystem and add the `nodelalloc` and `noatime` mount options to the filesystem. It is required to add the `nodelalloc` option, or else the Ansible deployment cannot pass the test. The `noatime` option is optional.
```
